bluetooth: kw41: Add KW41Z BLE support (#10384)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: boards/arm/frdm_kw41z/doc/frdm_kw41z.rst

.. _Segger J-Link OpenSDA V2.1 Firmware:
   https://www.segger.com/downloads/jlink/OpenSDA_V2_1.bin

BLE Support
***********

Native BLE support in Zephyr on the NXP KW41Z SOC requires linking

> with the NXP provided BLE Link Layer Controller library. The library will need to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with the NXP-provided BLE Link Layer Controller library. The library will need to
```

Author: I don't believe that is the proper use of a hyphen.

> be manually copied from the KW41Z SDK to this directory:

Reviewer: better would be:

    be manually copied from the KW41Z SDK to this directory:
    ``<zephyr base>/ext/lib/ble/nxp_kinetis``

	``<zephyr base>/ext/lib/ble/nxp_kinetis``

Obtaining the KW41Z SDK requires setting up an account on nxp.com and
downloading the MCUXpresso SDK for the KW41Z:

.. NXP MCUXpresso Website:
   https://mcuxpresso.nxp.com/en/welcome

After signing in, follow the instructions to build and download the

> 'FRDM-KW41Z.zip' SDK file. Copy the following library file from the zip

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``FRDM-KW41Z.zip`` SDK file. Copy the following library file from the extracted zip
```

> file into the directory referenced above:

Reviewer: better would be:

    file into the directory referenced above:
    ``<FRDM-KW41Z.zip>\middleware\wireless\bluetooth_1.2.6\controller\lib\lib_ble_kw41z_controller.a``
